release: v1.46.0 (#5060)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_tninesling_undo_auth_changes.md

> ### Use supergraph schema to extract auth info ([PR #5047](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5047))
> 
> Use supergraph schema to extract auth info as auth information may not be available on the query planner's subgraph schemas. This undoes the auth changes made in #4975.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use supergraph schema to extract authorization info ([PR #5047](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5047))

The router now uses the supergraph schema to extract authorization info, as authorization information may not be available on the query planner's subgraph schemas. This reverts the authorization changes made in [PR #4975](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4975).
```
